feat(serverless): simplify zip documentation (#1935)
scaleway/docs-content: serverless/functions/how-to/package-function-dependencies-in-zip.mdx

  <PreviousButton to="/serverless/functions/how-to/create-a-function/">How to create a function</PreviousButton>
  <NextButton to="/serverless/functions/how-to/manage-a-function/">How to manage a function</NextButton>
</Navigation>

## How to manage multiple handles in the same zip file

> In order to simplify deployments, this is possible for all runtimes to contains multiple handlers
> in the same file or in different files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enhance deployment simplicity, all runtimes now support the inclusion of multiple handlers either within a single file or across multiple files.
```
